1.data_type variable_name;

2.No, it is not possible to have two variables with the same name in the same scope in Java. 
Each variable within a scope must have a unique name to avoid confusion in the code.

3.No, it is not possible to declare static variables inside methods in Java. 
Static variables are associated with the class rather than individual instances of the class.

4.No, you cannot change the signature of the main method in Java. The 'main' method serves as the entry point for the Java application.

5.The purpose of using string args[] in main method is to pass command-line argument.

6.Yes java is a strictly types language.

7.No we cannot declare more than two method with the same name 

8.no we cannot have two class with same name as it will create a confusion for java compiler to compile a java program.

9.data_type[] array_name = new data_type[size];
array_name[index] = value;


10.It will give an error as there is a decrement operator .

11.1st create an file with the name "filename.java" 
   2nd Compile the Java code: Open a command prompt or terminal and navigate to the directory where the Java source file is saved. 
   Use the javac command followed by the name of the Java source file to compile it.
   3rd Run the Java program: After successful compilation, use the java command followed by the name of the compiled class (without the .class extension) to run the Java program. 
   4th View the program output: The Java program will execute, and any output generated by the program will be displayed in the command prompt or terminal.

12.java: java is a object oriented programing language.
   javac : javac ia a compiler which is used to compile the java program.

13.In Java, a ClassLoader is a part of the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) responsible for loading Java classes.

14.we will get arrayindexoutofbountexception when the size of the array is larger than the index value.to solve it take index value should be between the array value.

15.Java includes primitive data types such as int, float, boolean. These primitive types do not have associated methods or behaviors like objects do.

16.JDK(java development kit):it is a kit which provide the tools, libraries,and component to run the java program.

   JRE: JRE(java Runtime Environment) it is a software package which provides the necessary runtime environment to run java program.
	
   JVM : JVM(java virtual machine) it is a component of java platform which acts as java runtime environment for executing java bytecode.

17.The special method called by the JVM (Java Virtual Machine) is the 'main' method. 

18.Yes, the program will still run successfully if you write the main method as static public void main instead of public static void main.

19.java get its write once and run anywhere nature through JVM,platform independent feature.

20.it will run the program successfully.

21.JVM stands for Java Virtual Machine it is a component of java platform which acts as java runtime environment to run java program.

22.A class has its own definition or prototype

23.types of arguments--formal arguments,actual arguments and required arguments

24.Formal arguments:Formal arguments, also known as formal parameters or method parameters, are the placeholders or variables defined in a method's signature or declaration.
   Actual arguments:Actual arguments, also known as actual parameters or method arguments, are the values that are passed to a method when it is called or invoked.

25. A variable is a named storage location that holds a value of a specific data type. 

26.java stores variables in class area.

27.Variable initialization refers to the process of assigning an initial value to a variable at the time of its creation or declaration.
   Variable assignment refers to the process of changing the value of an already declared variable. 

28.Because java is strongly typed language.

29.Types of variables:
   1.Class variable
   2.Instance Variable
   3.Local variable

30.Tasks of JVM:
	1.class loading
	2.memory management
	3.Bytecode execution
	4.exception handling

31.In Java, block variables is also known as local variables, are variables that are declared and used within a specific block of code. 

32.WORA stands for Write Once and Run Anywhere.

33.type the command
	java --version

34.latest version of java is version 20.1.1.

35.In Java, a class is a blueprint or a template that defines the structure and behavior of objects. 

36.object:Object is an instance of class.

37.Syntax
	class Classname{
		
	}

38.Syntax:
	ClassName objectName = new ClassName();

39.In Java, a constructor is a special method within a class that is used to initialize objects of that class.
	